com/anushka/newsapiclient/presentation/di/NetModule_ProvideNewsApiServiceFactory.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.di.NetModule_ProvideNewsApiServiceFactory
com/anushka/newsapiclient/BuildConfig.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.BuildConfig
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_anushka_newsapiclient_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_anushka_newsapiclient_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/anushka/newsapiclient/presentation/di/RemoteDataModule_ProvideNewsRemoteFactory.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.di.RemoteDataModule_ProvideNewsRemoteFactory
com/anushka/newsapiclient/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/anushka/newsapiclient/presentation/di/UseCaseModule_ProvideGetNewsHeadLinesUseCaseFactory.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.di.UseCaseModule_ProvideGetNewsHeadLinesUseCaseFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_di_NetModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_di_NetModuleModuleDeps
com/anushka/newsapiclient/databinding/NewsListItemBinding.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.databinding.NewsListItemBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_NewsApp_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_NewsApp_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/anushka/newsapiclient/databinding/FragmentInfoBinding.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.databinding.FragmentInfoBinding
com/anushka/newsapiclient/presentation/di/RepositoryModule_ProvidesRepositoryFactory.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.di.RepositoryModule_ProvidesRepositoryFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_di_UseCaseModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_di_UseCaseModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_di_FactoryModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_di_FactoryModuleModuleDeps
com/anushka/newsapiclient/presentation/di/FactoryModule_ProvideViewModelFactoryFactory.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.di.FactoryModule_ProvideViewModelFactoryFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_di_RepositoryModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_di_RepositoryModuleModuleDeps
com/anushka/newsapiclient/presentation/NewsApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_GeneratedInjector
com/anushka/newsapiclient/databinding/FragmentNewsBinding.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.databinding.FragmentNewsBinding
com/anushka/newsapiclient/presentation/di/NetModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.di.NetModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/anushka/newsapiclient/databinding/FragmentSavedNewsBinding.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.databinding.FragmentSavedNewsBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_di_RemoteDataModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_di_RemoteDataModuleModuleDeps
com/anushka/newsapiclient/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/anushka/newsapiclient/presentation/DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/anushka/newsapiclient/MainActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.MainActivity_MembersInjector
com/anushka/newsapiclient/presentation/Hilt_NewsApp.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.Hilt_NewsApp
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.Hilt_NewsApp$1
com/anushka/newsapiclient/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_di_AdapterModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_anushka_newsapiclient_presentation_di_AdapterModuleModuleDeps
com/anushka/newsapiclient/presentation/di/AdapterModule_ProvideAdapterFactory.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.di.AdapterModule_ProvideAdapterFactory
com/anushka/newsapiclient/presentation/NewsApp_HiltComponents.java
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.anushka.newsapiclient.presentation.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
